hey guys so today I'm going to be
teaching you how to make a lipstick
holder this is one I've already made
like a couple years ago I used a bare
minerals box for this so if you have any
bare minerals boxes this holds 80
lipsticks but today I'm going to use a
box a little bit smaller so it's gonna
hold a little bit less obviously so
let's get started any an empty box you
can use the lid as a lipstick holder as
well but it's kind of shallow so the
lipsticks won't stand up as well so I
prefer a deeper box like this so you're
also going to need a cereal box and
obviously any cereal box will do
depending on how big your lipstick
holder is going to be you may need to
cereal boxes you're also going to need a
ruler you're going to need some scissors
to cut all your dividers and then you're
also going to need a pen to make all
your little markings and stuff like that
you're also going to need all of your
square lip sticks just find the biggest
lip sticks you have this is just going
to make sure that all your slots are big
enough to fit your small lip sticks your
bigger lip sticks and just sew all the
tubes fit you're going to want to lay
your lipsticks alongside the edge of the
box and this is just going to give you
an idea of how many lipsticks are going
to fit in your box in total okay so as
you can see seven lipsticks fit of
horizontally for me and then nine
vertically and this is so this lipstick
holder in particular is going to hold 63
lipsticks in total and depending on how
big or how small your boxes obviously
it's going to hold a different amount of
lipsticks basically you're making
dividers to separate your lipsticks so
here since you have now in here nine you
have nine lipsticks remember there's a
little space so you can give leeway as
to how wide it is going this way but for
this one it's pretty it's pretty tight
so one two three four five six seven
eight so since there's eight slots you
make eight dividers on that side so
here's again one two three four five six
since if it's seven you make six
dividers
so you want to measure your lipstick and
this lipstick is 2 centimetres wide so
all of the sections are going to be 2
centimetres wide ok so next you're going
to measure your box and you can use a
ruler for this I just use the actual box
you just want to make two dots and then
you're going to connect these two dots
with a line and that's going to tell you
how long or how wide your first divider
is going to be ok so since you know that
seven lipsticks are going to fit here
you're going to make six notches so you
already know that the lipstick is around
two centimetres each so each section is
going to be around two centimetres
there's just a tiny bit of space to
ensure that your lipsticks will fit and
since I'm not I'm never super precise
little anything like I just hate I'm not
super detail-oriented so I'm not going
to measure like I know for a fact these
are not all evenly spaced if you're
really really crazy about that then you
want to do exact measurements I just did
around two centimetres as you can see
there's way more space here than there
is in this one so next what you're going
to do is measure how tall the box is so
right here it stops right there so as
you can see I made another line at the
bottom and that's just how tall the
boxes all together and you're just going
to bring the notches down halfway
so now that I've cut out my first
divider I'm just going to slide it into
the box see if it fits and if you're
having trouble getting the divider into
the box you just want to slice off like
maybe a tiny bit on the side just to
make sure it fits so for the lines that
you drew you're actually going to cut a
little bit thicker than the line that's
already there and this is just going to
make it much easier when you're putting
together your dividers so once you
finish your first divider you just got
to trace it and you can just make
multiple and then I'm just doing this to
make sure all of the dividers fit in the
box as you can see if it bends a little
bit there you just want to cut off a
little bit of the edge and basically for
the vertical sections as well you do the
exact same thing obviously it's going to
be a little bit longer but measuring and
all that is going to be exactly the same
so once you've made all of your dividers
all you want to do is line up the slots
and then just basically slide them in
and honestly I would say this is the
most annoying part of the whole lipstick
holder the measuring stuff is fine but
these damn slots just make me so angry
and you'll know why when you make it so
just to make it a little bit easier for
you I always put the two top pieces
first at the top and bottom piece just
so the I guess the arms the sections
aren't going to be flimsy flopping all
around the place but honestly you have
to be patient with this because I've
done this before and I got so mad that I
just ripped them all
so you just have to be careful and you
have to be really patient with this and
just make sure everything is where it
needs to be
so this is how it's going to look once
you're done and now all you want to do
is put it in the box and again if you're
having any trouble fitting into the box
you just have to slice off you know just
a tiny bit of the edge and then it
should fit in perfectly so this is the
finished product and you should just be
like loving your life right now it's all
over and I just want to fill it up but
that's basically how you make it and I
hope this was easy for you it was like
really hard to film but hopefully
everything was easy and I explained well
and yeah so thumbs up the video if you
like DIYs I can try to do some more for
you guys if I can figure something out
and thanks for watching